Add documentation for APEL uploader services (#323) (#339)
htcondor/htcondor-ce: docs/releases.md

This release also includes the following bug-fixes:

- Replace APEL uploader SchedD cron with init and systemd services
- Fix HTCondor-CE View SchedD query that caused "Info" tables to be blank

### 4.3.0 ###

[This release](https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor-ce/releases/tag/v4.3.0) includes the following new features:

- Add the CE registry web application to the Central Collector.
  The registry provides an interface to OSG site administrators of HTCondor-CEs to retrieve an HTCondor IDTOKEN for
  authenticating pilot job submissions.
- Identify broken job routes upon startup
- Add benchmarking parameters to the BDII provider via `HTCONDORCE_SPEC` in the configuration.
  See `/etc/condor-ce/config.d/99-ce-bdii.conf`

This release also includes the following bug-fixes:

- Fix handling of unmapped GSI users in the Central Collector
- Fix reference to old BDII configuration values

### 4.2.1 ###

[This release](https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor-ce/releases/tag/v4.2.1) includes the following bug fixes:

- Drop vestigial Central Collector configuration generator script and service

> - Fix unmapped GSI/SSL regular expressions and allow unmapped enttities to advertise to the Central Ceollector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix unmapped GSI/SSL regular expressions and allow unmapped entities to advertise to the Central Collector
```
